inithesis.cls   
Version 0.2, February 8 2023
This template accommodates the latest version of LaTex, which enables a direct import to
Overleaf. Potential bugs when enabling the appendix option.

Version 0.1, April 1 2012

This document class is intended to pass the carnegie mellon university format check for
ECE masters theses.  It is built on a modern version of the LaTeX 2e
report.cls.  

The thesis.tex file is a working model for a thesis.  
See the comments there for more instruction, as well as in abstract.tex and biography.tex.

Class documentation appears in the top comment of inithesis.cls.  

Before you begin, try to build the included example thesis.  Install LaTeX (in Ubuntu
use "sudo apt-get install texlive-full") and Run
  $ pdflatex thesis.tex
  $ pdflatex thesis.tex
  $ bibtex thesis
  $ pdflatex thesis.tex
  $ pdflatex thesis.tex
If this doesn't work, likely culprits are (a) an old, pre-pdftex TeX
distribution,  (b) you're missing some packages, like 'graphicx',
(c) you're missing some optional packages in dissertation.tex:
'hyperref' 'amsmath', 'amssymb', 'amsfonts', or 'amsthm'.  A quick-fix is to
download the required package from http://www.ctan.org/ and jam everything
in the directory of thesis.tex.

RELEASE VERSION
Please send bugs, comments, and suggestions to ini-enrollment@andrew.cmu.edu

KNOWN BUGS
* Failure to include any sort of abstract (even a placeholder) will result
  in strange behavior.

SPACING
This class uses \raggedbottom, so that excess space on a page is
grouped at the bottom.  This is the easiest thing to make everything look
nice.  If you want to work harder, try putting \flushbottom just after
\begin{document}.  Check thesis.log for "underfull vbox" errors.
Those pages will have lots of extra vertical space inserted so that the
bottom line on each page is at the same height.  To fix the bad spacing, you
need to break-up large display environments and figures so that TeX has more
flexibility in formatting pages.  If that sounds scary to you, just live
with \raggedbottom.

BASIC STEPS
1) Update the title, author, program, previousdegrees, and fulldate variables 
   listed under PREAMBLE in thesis.tex
2) Updated the "\include" files under MAIN BODY OF PAPER to match the structure 
   of your thesis
3) Replace References.bib with your .bib file of references
4) Replace fill in the blanks in cur_ThesisSig.doc with your information 
   and save in PDF form as signature.pdf 
5) Write your text in the .tex files found in the chapter folders (your paper
   can have a different structure.  For new chapters just add a new .tex file
   include it in thesis.tex, and begin with the \chapter{your chapter title} 
   heading)
